Document CSS Styles (#629)
Textualize/textual: docs/styles/visibility.md

# Visibility

> The `visibility` rule may be used to make a widget invisible while still reserving spacing for it. The default value is `"visible"` which will cause the Widget to be displayed as normal. Setting the value to `"hidden"` will cause the Widget to be removed from the screen.

Reviewer: Change to emphasise that the Widget is still there, but it's invisible. "Removed from screen" sounds like the Widget is no longer in the DOM.
```suggestion
The `visibility` rule may be used to make a widget invisible while still reserving spacing for it. The default value is `"visible"` which will cause the Widget to be displayed as normal. Setting the value to `"hidden"` will cause the Widget to become invisible.
```
